Hey folks. Today's episode was
sponsored by Datadog it's. A
cloud scale monitoring and analytics
platform. Datadog was built to
bring clarity to complex dynamic
applications in the cloud, on
premises in containers or wherever
they run with beautiful dashboards,
distributed tracing, and seamless integrations
with more than 200 technologies,
including Azure and Docker and
PagerDuty Datadog provides deep end
to end visibility into the
health and performance of modern
apps. Visualize key metrics, set
alerts to identify anomalies and
collaborate with your team to
troubleshoot and fix issues fast.
I'd like you to try
it yourself by starting a
free 14 day trial today,
listeners of this podcast will
also get a free Datadog
t-shirt get started at bitly.com/data
dog shirt. That's bitly.com/datadog shirt.
Hi, This is Scott Hanselman.
This is another episode of
Hansel minutes. And today I'm
talking with Ben Wheeler. He
is a teacher and a
developer who has taught both
kids and teachers. How to
code, how are you, sir?
I'm doing well today. Thanks
so much, Scott. I'm excited
to be here. Yeah. I'm
excited to talk to you,
you know, a whole bunch
of stuff about scratch and
pretty soon you'll be working
on scratch. Is that right?
Yeah. Well, I think of
myself very much as a
beginner and I really encourage
a lot of the teachers
that I work with out
there and parents to not
worry about being an expert.
So I guess I do
know a lot, but really
there's tons of kids out
there who use scratch everyday,
who probably know more than
I do, but you're going
to be working at the
MIT media lab on scratch.
So there's some kind of
bonafides that you get for
doing that. Yeah. Well, I'm
going to be a beginner
at doing that for them
for awhile too. And you
know, that that's a mentality
that I really try to
encourage in the students I
teach and in my daughters
of, you know, going into
these new situations and starting
at the beginning and learning
from there, that's a really
important perspective. I think I
I've always used the term.
I'm a professional amateur, you
know, I mean, I'm learning
every day. I just do
it professionally, but that doesn't
mean that I have any
idea what I'm doing. It's
funny. I just came today
from Staten Island. I visited
a school where there were
some teachers who had taken
a workshop I had done
in February and they had
done scratch for the first
time in February. And I
got to see them doing
it with their third graders
today and also doing some
robotics. And then we met
afterwards to talk about it
and they were talking with
such excited energy about how
much they love being beginners
at this. It was really
amazing. They said, you know,
it's funny, we've been teaching
for 30 years and we
sort of thought there was
nothing left for us to
learn. And now we're doing
this thing and we feel
like we're really not that
good at it yet, but
it's actually really exciting to
be in that state and
to, to be exploring with
the kids, definitely to not
lose that sense of freshness.
I mean, I've been in
software 25 years, professionally in
35, if you count, you
know, since I was a
little kid and I'm still
finding myself a couple of
times a week looking at
something on code pen saying,
how did they do that?
That is insane. Oh my
gosh, absolutely. I've been coding
for 30 years and I
still, I mean, all the
time, I'm seeing things that
people do and I'm thinking,
Oh my gosh, I wish
I made that. How did
they do it? I don't
know if you know, Nikki
case JavaScript online sort of
interactive storyteller, but Nikki case
does stuff with JavaScript. That
is so brilliant. It makes
me feel like the first
time I ever saw a
program running on my computer.
Oh, wow. We'll make sure
to put links in the
show notes so that people
can see that. So here
we are two old people
on a podcast, you know,
with, with, with the, with
the weight of history. And,
you know, I was looking
at God of war five
earlier, just, just staring at
it, just staring at the
graphics of the thing. And
I ended up watching a
20 minute video about how,
when he hits like a
tree with his acts, how
they make the acts stop,
but the bones in his
arm keep moving. So then
it's not, it's not purely
an animation of him swinging
his arm. It's literally the
physics of he hit the
thing and then his shoulder
and his elbow and his
muscles kind of go jiggly
because that's what happens to
your arm when you hit
something with an ax. And
I thought that was just
so fascinating. And then I'm
realizing that I'm trying to
teach my 10 year old,
how to do hello world
at the, at the text,
you know, the text level
on a console. Am I
teaching my child computer's wrong?
No, it's, it's so funny
that you bring that up.
That's something I think about
all the time. And it's
really a constant dynamic in
my work with kids and
in the teaching that I
do to teachers, because when
I was a kid there,
wasn't that big, a difference
between the program that you
could make in a couple
of days as an amateur
programmer who just learned last
week and the sort of
professional code that's running on
the computer, it might be
something like Oregon trail. And
that might be impressive. But
really if, if you learned
everything that you could for
a year, you could make
Oregon trail back then. And
then there were lots of
programs that were really just
sort of texts simulators. I
remember there was a really
popular one in high school
that kids would just play
on their Texas instruments, calculators.
That was text-based and, and
that was fun and catchy.
And you could make those
kinds of simulators, lemonade stand,
you know, launching a star
ship and how much fuel
you have to put in
to get it, to get
to escape velocity. And you
could write those in text
in an hour and have
people be playing them, you
know, that day on the
same machine and that the
distance between thought to execution
and how proud you'd be
w w was very short.
And now it's a tricky
thing because when I show
intro to coding apps on
a tablet that are very
flashy looking, a lot of
the times, those flashy looking
ones, don't actually get very
deep into the programming from
a creative perspective at all.
And then vice versa, the
programs that do actually give
them near infinite expressive power,
whether they're text-based programs or
a block based program, like
scratch, that has a lot
of flexible creativity. Those don't
initially seem as impressive. The
graphics seem simpler because it's
not, it's not doing as
much for you. It's waiting
for you to invent things.
And it's tricky. It means,
I think that you need
to show students some of
the end products that they
can make with this kind
of power and then almost
rewind from there and say,
okay, let's, let's look at
this impressive scratch program. And
let's look inside and look
at the code. All that
code looks a little overwhelming
and hard to understand. Now
let's rewind. And let's just
look at a few of
those blocks at once. And
I find that it really
helps to illustrate that connection
so that students are saying,
Oh right. I'm at the
beginning of a process that
can lead there. It does
make you wonder though, have
we made such a stack
of stuff that's so high?
It was so many layers
of abstraction. Are we asking
a lot of them to
say, now work hard for
two years or four years
or five years, right? Like,
there's always the talk about
how old do you have
to be before you were
a senior engineer, you know,
and like, Oh, the young
people today, they want to
be senior engineers in a
week. We've built such a
large stack. I don't even
know where to start. Yeah.
I mean, I find this
as a programmer because in
addition to my teaching, I'm
a professional programmer and I've
programmed in a lot of
different capacities for a lot
of different companies and clients,
and it's harder and harder
to keep up. Really. I
feel like, you know, I
don't want to name particular
past years, but when I
was in college, say it
still felt like you could
pretty much know everything as
a programmer. And of course
that wasn't quite true, but
you could, you know, be
reasonably caught up with where
AI was at and you
could be reasonably caught up
with where kind of flashy
front end HTML interfaces, where
it just had a touch
of JavaScript and you could
be reasonably caught up with,
you know, high efficiency code.
That's really, you know, getting
close to the metal. And
it feels like that stuff,
you know, with the broadening
of the field, there's been
this sort of enforced specialization
where now I feel like
I've had to just kind
of let go of some
domains that I used to
be pretty cut up on.
And, you know, just knowing
something like react or angular
or view, or, you know,
these frameworks that have a
tremendous power to make these
interfaces that we couldn't have
dreamed, you know, a few
years ago, but that takes
so much constant, you know,
not just learning a particular
language like JavaScript, but then
learning these ever evolving and
ever-changing conventions. I mean, I've,
I've been sort of steadily
learning react now for the
last two years. And I
feel like it's, it's like
trying to catch a jellyfish.
Like it's always squirming. And
you know, by the time
you learn one version of
redox, now there's this new
version that's supplanting it. And
everybody's using this different set
of plugins and now it's
Webpack, it's no longer grunt
or golf or it's harder
and harder to keep up.
And that is a real
challenge of the field. Doesn't
it lead that we should
teach the kids the fundamentals,
right? Yeah. Like there's always
going to be a new
wrench or a new screwdriver,
but if you learn the
fundamentals of carpentry, you should
be okay, so then doesn't
it follow them? We should
teach the low level stuff
and the historical context of
computer science. Yeah. I mean,
historical context is really interesting.
And I think it's somewhat
of a separate question in
some ways, but I really
think it's incumbent on us
who are working to push
computer science education forward to
really emphasize that it's the
thinking of a computer scientist
and the process of debugging
and iterative development. Those are
the things that I really
think we need to make
sure kids are, are having
experience doing. And a lot
of people who don't know
as much about computer science,
they thinking of it from
a vocational perspective, which is
totally reasonable that they want
the kids to know things
that are going to be
practical immediately, and that are
going to lead into jobs,
whether it's a job in
computer science, or it's just
knowing about how computer science
works and being able to
apply that to their work
and in lots of other
domains. And that's totally reasonable.
And sometimes I feel the
urge to resist it and
to say absolutely, but in
order to be able to
guide themselves towards wherever the
particular technologies are when they're
graduating high school in 10
years, or however long, we
need to make sure that
they have the ability and
the experience sort of learning
how to learn and learning
how to work through computer
science kinds of problems. And
to think the way that
you have to in computer
science, because it's, it's a
different kind of thinking just
like visual art is a
different kind of thinking than
math or then music and
English vocabulary, you know, that
they all sort of use
these, these somewhat different, but
overlapping parts of our minds,
Someone on the show recently
told me to try to
avoid using the term squishy
or soft skills because it,
it diminishes the, the real
science behind those things. You
know, we've heard the terms
like IQ and EEQ emotional
quotient, but I still find
myself coming back to trying
to figure out a word
to describe those kinds of
things. And as someone who
has been programming for so
long, it's so hard to
define what feels like you
use the term jellyfish. You
know, when you describe how
do teach people how To
think there's science behind that
though. Right. And the teaching
in the educational psychology world.
Yeah. I mean, there's, there's
a lot of different kinds
of science that come to
bear, you know, you can
bring to bear from different
angles. I mean, there's a
lot of research around learning
how to learn and I'm
forgetting the name of this
wonderful professor, this woman, I
was just listening to an
interview with her on the
phenom street podcast. And she's
the author of this book
learning how to learn. And
she runs an online course
called learning how to learn.
And she does a lot
of distilling and summarizing research
into Barbara Oakley. Yes, that
might be, but she talks
a lot about what we've
learned about the processes of
going from familiarity to proficiency
in different areas. And she's
really thinking about that from
the perspective of say a
college student, who's trying to
really learn a lot of
history that they're going to
use on their test and
in our paper and refer
to in future years and
how just reading and even
reading and rereading and underlining
those things that we think
of as kind of active,
attentive, reading those things alone.
Don't quite make the information
stick in your mind. You
have to run into a
problem with it and have
a moment of not being
able to solve it and
then push your brain to
dig deep and find the
information. So if you're learning
about the Spanish Armada 1588
or whatever it is, you
have to have some moment
where someone's saying, and you
know, what was the greatest
crisis that faced Spain in
the 16th century? And you
have to think, gosh, what
was the biggest crisis? Oh
yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah,
yeah. That's the crash of
the Spanish Armada in what
year, 1588. And when you,
when you have that problem
and then you work through
it, all of a sudden
the pathways are lit up
and they're connecting in this
new way. And you know,
that situation, you know what
I described as almost more
of a, sort of a
memorization example, but I think
it really translates broadly into
all kinds of ways that
you learn how to think
in computer science. I think
a lot of that is
learning how to hit a
wall with a bug, which
happens over and over for
everybody who does programming, you
hit a bug and you
think this is impossible. There's
no way this is going
to make sense. Something is
going wrong. I'm looking at
the code. It's, it's wrong.
It's this is a bug
that will never be understood.
And always, if you persist,
you always eventually is. And
I can't tell you how
many times. I mean, hundreds
of times I've had that
experience and it's only having
had it dozens and dozens
of times before that, I
can tell myself, remember Ben,
you're going to get through
this bug and you're going
to figure it out. So
what's the next step. And
what's the next step. And,
and students really need to
have that experience because it's
very different. I think in
a lot of ways than
the kind of schoolwork that
we're asked to do in
other ways, schoolwork that's perfectly
worthwhile. It just doesn't involve
that, that absolutely getting stuck
and having no idea how
to proceed. A lot of
the time, you know, we
have so much experience ramping
up math slowly and steadily,
and that doesn't mean that
people don't feel totally left
behind sometimes, but when they're
totally left behind often, they
don't necessarily have a way
to get past if you
haven't learned long division and
you're faced with a long
division problem. I mean, you're
not going to invent long
division on the spot using
somebody else's terminology. So what's
kind of amazing about computer
science that can apply to
students experience in other areas
as well is this idea
that you have an algorithm
and you have an approach
and maybe your code has
an algorithm that's not quite
working and you have to
go and change it. And
maybe sometimes you have an
algorithm that's not quite working
for doing a homework assignment
or for learning a particular
concept. And you have to
go back and revise that,
but there's always a way
to revise the algorithm in
question so that you can
proceed. Definitely. I feel also
that understanding that there's no
black boxes in computers, that
there's always a way to
kind of crack it open
and look underneath if something
goes wrong, right? Yeah. If
the website doesn't look right,
once you know that F
12 tools exist, you can
do that. And if you,
you know, you can see
the HTTP on the wire,
but I think people get
stuck where they don't know
that like the HTTP is
a thing because they learn
at a boot camp and
they learn CSS and HTML,
and don't understand the network
that the network exists. They
type Google, they hit enter
and a miracle happens. Absolutely.
And those practical techniques of
debugging, I think it's so
important to really focus on
those when they come up
in class, that's actually something
that we come back to,
again and again, in the
training sessions that I've run
with the New York city public
school teachers. We talk about
how inevitably, when you're teaching
technology, you run into bugs
that get in the way
of the lesson that you
were going to do. Oh
my goodness, by problem. Or,
I mean, just today, a
teacher was using dash and
dot robots from wonder labs
and always with Bluetooth, there's
going to be some kind
of problem. Things always go
wrong with Bluetooth. But instead
of thinking of that, as
a reason why you shouldn't
even try the lesson in
the first place, because it's
not going to be perfect.
I was really encouraging the
teachers when that happens, get
everyone's attention together and say,
okay, what's our plan. How
are we going to debug
this? Because sometimes I feel
like the worst thing I
can do in my moments
as a teacher, when I'm
in a rush is, you
know, I think I just
have to turn this off
and on again. And I
just, you know, take it
out of a student's hands
and I just do it.
And, and in my best
moments, I tell myself, no,
wait, even if the only
thing that student comes away
with today is realizing that
then the all-knowing teacher didn't
know the answer to that
question and sat down with
me and we made a
list of things that we're
going to try. And we
tried each thing on that
list. And even if it
ends up not working, just
that experience of saying, all
right, we, we have this
black box problem where this
thing just simply isn't working,
but that's not the end
of the story. That's the
beginning of the story for
us. And there's actually something
that we can learn every
time something goes wrong. So
in, in my classes with
students, I use a phrase
sort of a catch phrase
of the class, which is
cool malfunction. And we've had
a lot of cool malfunctions,
a lot of short circuits,
some batteries that start to
have smoke come out of
them. I was trying to
explain to my nontechnical spouse
that this seems to be
a thing where every time
I go on a business
trip, something in the house
breaks, it just seems it's
Murphy's law of the person
that travels for work. And
every time I leave, it's
probably, I have to get
a certain number of miles
away before something in the
house breaks. And now with
all the, you know, all
the voice activated devices that
I dare not speak their
name and IOT stuff. I
left last week, it was
a light bulb. I left
the DVR, broke and I,
and then she calls me
and says, how can I
fix X? I have no
idea. I really truly have
no, like, so I just
walk her through the checklist,
you know, turn it off.
Does it have an IP
address, reboot the router, you
know, those kinds of things.
Why have we put a
barrier between us, the techies
and the normals, even in
the labeling of them, just
now in that sentence, such
that they feel that they
can't experiment or turn things
off or poke it, black
boxes. We really need to
Breakthrough that. Yeah. You know,
there's, so there's the book
Zen and the art of
motorcycle maintenance. And I often
think back to that, because
that book opens with this
episode where the author is
taking a trip with friends
and he's on a motorcycle
that has a million things
wrong with it. And it's
far from state-of-the-art, but he's
taken that thing apart and
put it back together dozens
of times. And so when
things inevitably go wrong, it's
not a crisis, but his
friend who bought a beautiful
state of the art motorcycle,
the first time something's not
working, he's got to just
wheel it to the garage
and wait for somebody else
to, to solve their problem
for him. And the author
presents this as sort of
a philosophical difference to some
degree, but it's also, it's
really a statement on the
direction that things are going.
And you look at at
vehicles, cars. I mean, my
parents and their friends used
to do a little bit
of tinkering with their VW
bugs in the sixties. And
a lot of the time
they could fix things, but
nowadays more and more in
a car is run by
a computer that you just
don't have access to. And,
and there's even laws and,
and real active legal debates
with groups like the electronic
frontier foundation, taking a big,
active voice because there's laws
that make it illegal, literally
illegal for you to open
up certain types of computers
and, and modify them and,
you know, have them do
what you want instead of
what the company has decided.
Okay. Friends, this is Scott,
you know, listening to podcasts
is a great way to
keep up to date on
technology. Since we're always learning
as software people. And you
can also find a job
by listening to a podcast.
If you check out our
new sponsor, hired.com, that's H
I R E d.com/hansel minutes
on hire.com. Software engineers can
get interview requests from companies
that want to hire you.
Each offer will have the
salary and the equity upfront.
You can view those interview
requests and, you know, accept,
reject, change the offer before
even talking to a company.
It's a great way to
find out what's out there
and maybe make a move
they're working with over 6,000
companies from startups to large
companies from 14 major tech
hubs throughout North America and
Europe. What's great about this
is it's totally free for
software engineers. And if you
get a job through hire.com,
that'll ordinarily give you a
$300. Thank you bonus. But
if you use our special
link, they'll double that bonus.
So you will actually get
paid $600 when you accept
that job. Now, if you're
not looking for a job,
but you know, someone who
is refer them to hire.com/hansel
minutes, and they'll give you
a lead bonus, a $1,337
bonus when they accept a
job. So check them out
at hired.com/hanselman. Do you think
that I wrote, I wrote
a blog post a while
back called is technology killing
curiosity. And I'm wondering if
he He's have access to
the sum of all human
knowledge may have, may make
my 10 year old, less
impressed, you know, when we
do hello world in a
loop. Yeah. You know, that
that's such a great point
because there that, that ties
back to the concept of
how impressive things are today.
You look at legend of
Zelda, breath of the wild,
and it's literally all inspiring.
And it's the product of
tens of thousands of hours
of human effort and, and
me or my class, we're,
we're never going to make
something that can approach that
in a lot of ways.
But at the same time,
there are technologies that still
very much are low fi
that do inspire awe. And,
you know, you look at,
at fiction writing, for example,
I mean, my daughters are
big fans of plenty of
flashy apps, but they also
really like reading because it
still has the power to
give them experiences that no
most movies and TV shows
don't often get, get close
to matching. And they like
the Harry Potter movies, but they
don't stop reading the Harry Potter
books. And so I take
some hope in that, that
even though we have this
magic access to information and
to things that are dazzling,
that it hasn't meant the
end of that curiosity, even
though it's, it can be
quite a lot of competition
with it. Yeah. I'm really
trying to push my kids
also, in other ways and
media, I was trying to
get them to watch, what
was it Buffy the vampire
Slayer, cause this is classic
literature, right? Yeah. The television
equivalent, or as, you know,
what was the other one
Smallville? And my, my 12
year old got like three
episodes in and he says,
I couldn't do it. The
graphics were so bad. I
don't know whether he means
the special effects or the
fact that it's four by
three, but then it's like
recorded on VHS tape, but
he called it the graphics.
And I was like, yeah,
but the story, you know,
it reminds me of when
my parents tried to get
me to watch black and
white films and say like,
but it's so good. You
have to get to push
through. I feel like we
can, we can do that
with raspberry PIs and Arduinos
and, and still force them
that there's joy in a
blinking and led. Yeah. I
mean, there is a lot
of joy in that. I
just been doing a little
bit of microbit with, with
my daughters mostly. And there
is still an excitement of,
wow, here's this thing who's
circuitry I can see and
I'm deciding what it's gonna
do, and then it's doing
it. And that does still
have some magic, even though
it's just a few blinking
LEDs, but, but just about
the movies and TV shows,
I mean, that's something I've,
I've really definitely encountered that
with my daughters. I love
movies. And sometimes it's been
a success when I've tried
to introduce my daughters to
movies that I really think
they'll love. And sometimes it's
not, I tried to get
them to watch adventures in
babysitting and they just found
it too slow. Yeah. Yeah.
Something just that it'll make
your mind. Like I just
recently watched Cobra, Kai, not
a hobby, but not appropriate
for kids, but appropriate for
people who like credit kid.
So I had a kid
it's fantastic. So I had
the kids watch karate kid
and they didn't get it.
And I was like, why
didn't they get it? It
turns out that the protagonist,
the problem, the, the, the
crisis is bullies and there's
a zero tolerance bully situation
at like every school now,
like I'm not saying bullying
doesn't happen, but it doesn't
happen in that way that
it did in the nineties
where like, EV like from,
from, from pretty in pink
to the breakfast club, it's
all bullies, bullies, bullies, bullies,
bullies. And they're like five
minutes into karate kid. They
were like, Oh, where's the
principal. The principal would have
stopped that it's not going
to go. You know, that's
so funny that you mentioned
it just the other day.
My daughters were kind of
asking me about bullies. And
again, it's not that there
aren't paradynamics and cool kids
in their class and kids
who are too rough sometimes,
but you're right there in
first grade and third grade
and bullying just, isn't really
something that they've run into
yet. There's nobody who is
at the bottom of the
pecking order. And sometimes in
my stories of my childhood,
I've talked about, you know,
that there was a kid
who was having a hard
time and people were picking
on him and they sort
of don't quite know what
I mean. And that's not
to say that they don't
sometimes feel like one member
of the friend group is,
is not getting her her
fair share, but that dynamic
doesn't seem like it's a
problem anymore. And I guess
there's a lot, that's really
wonderful about that. Sometimes I,
I do wonder if we,
as adults are managing so
much for kids that they're
not having the chance to
discover and work through some
of those problems. Yeah, that's
true. And to be clear,
before we get Or tweets,
we do recognize that bullying
is a huge problem, particularly
if you are ever underrepresented
group or if you are
LGBTQ, but I think we're
just pointing out that it
has changed in some fundamental,
measurable way. Since the, since
the nineties, I'm just using
karate kid. As an example,
one thing I wanted to
pop back to talking about
the, the LEDs my kids
learned on scratch, they learned
their first programming language, I
would say, was scratch. Can
scratch, talk to Arduinos and
LEDs and flash things. Cause
I've never really felt like
there was an attachment between
this draggy droppy four loop
thing that makes a cat
spin and the physical world.
Yeah. So the answer is
sort of, there's a website
called scratch acts and it's
not advertised very much by
scratch. It's considered experimental. And
there are a lot of
different extensions that different people
have written for scratch that
all generally involve a fork
of the scratch code to
add this, this extension code
in, and then a plugin
for a browser like Chrome,
so that the scratch code
in the webpage can connect
to the computer and the
computer's own USB connection or
whatever it is, maybe Bluetooth
to be able to communicate
to the device. So there
is a lot of that
stuff out there. It's still
mostly in an experimental state.
And I think it's gotten
the F the farthest along
with Lego, we do, which
is, you know, one step
simpler than the Lego Mindstorms
robotics environment. And the, we
do stuff is really wonderful.
It's I have seen a
lot of student creativity with
it. And, and like I
said before, part of the
scratch team's excitement with this
new version of scratch, scratch
3.0, that's coming out this
August is that there's a
whole long list of applications
that are, are going to
be built that connect to
scratch and, and provide this
kind of bridge. So one,
one of the very big
ones is Lego Mindstorms
is, or Eva, whatever it's
called is going to have
a scratch three component. I'm
not sure exactly what the
date is on that, but
that's the plan. That's good
to know. I mean, I
feel like that getting, you
know, fixing that, or, you
know, making that happen would
definitely open up a world
that would be even more
interesting, like the internet of
things as it relates to
scratch would be definitely powerful.
Yeah. And I don't know
how much you've played around
with different robotics, that dash
and dot robots, for example,
which are really wonderful. They
kids light right up when
they see them and they
immediately want to touch them
and press the buttons and
explore them and control them.
And if you use their
kind of block-based programming environment,
it's based on, Blockly, there's
a lot of cool stuff
there, but there's also stuff
that I feel sometimes like
I wish was there that's
missing and scratch, connecting to
more and more of these
robots, I think is really
exciting because as these students
that I was working with
today, for example, who were
using dash and dot, they're
getting very familiar with scratch
in their third grade class.
And if they could use
that knowledge and translate that
even more directly and be
able to use the events
and the, you know, the,
when background clicked kinds of
things so that they could
be programming more in depth
even than they're able to
do with the somewhat more
limited set of blocks that
are available. Now, I just
think it would be sort
of a win for everybody
all around. Yeah, absolutely. And
it's going to be nice
to have you a, as
it were on the inside,
working with the MIT media
lab to make scratch even
better. Sure. Yeah. I mean,
I'm, I'm just about to
begin and I'm hoping that
I can dive in and
contribute. That's fantastic. Well, people
can check you out@adaandleo.com. This
is a nonprofit. Yeah. It's
the kids technology afterschool and
weekend program that I've been
teaching kids through for several
years. Very cool. I have
a technology and education newsletter
called robot owl that, yeah.
I've been writing about these
issues and making recommendations and
talking about what teachers are
telling me in the field.
And so it's basically for
teachers and parents and anybody
who wants to spark an
interest in kids and in
all this sort of thing,
innovation and technology and creativity.
So that's robot, owl.co. Alright.
And I will put links
to robot owl to your
own website@technohyphensocial.com, as well as
ADA and Leo and all
of the different robots and
things and scratch a microbit.
And all of these links
have been collecting and I
will all be in the
show notes. So be sure
to check those out and
follow Ben on Twitter. Fantastic.
Great talking to you, Scott.
And I'm excited for this
kind of creative message to
go out there. Absolutely. This
has been another episode Of
Hansel minutes and we'll see
you again next week. .